outrageous
You still dare to threaten me
Pass my order
Cancel the venue of Sun Sihai Chamber of Commerce
Support their arrest and interrogation
Director Zhao counts you as ruthless
Wait for my brother to come back
See how he treats you
hob
Mr. Li, do you have any other orders?
Not available for the time being.
I will contact you anytime if I have any questions.
Okay, okay.
That's nothing, so I'll retire first.
Even Director Xiaowu listens to you
You're not a waiter, are you?
What the hell are you doing?
No history
Just some connections
network
What connections?
Can you help our neighbor get back on his feet?
If you promise
I will immediately ask the soldier to marry you
The way you treat your daughter like a pawn
It already makes me angry.
My relationship with the ice cellar
I will never allow you to leak it.
Disdain you
And humiliating my neighbor
Call over and beg me
I kneel down, do you want to save your world?
Bingjiao
Do you want to go out for a walk with me?
Why are you already my woman?
Are you afraid to let me hold hands?